# Cplusplus--Advising-Program

For this project, I was asked to develop a program that would provide academic advisors in the Computer Science department an easier way of navigating the various courses offered and understand the prerequisites associated with the various courses. To approach the problem, I first had to gain an understanding of three different data strucutre types: vectors, hash tables and binary search trees. It was imperative that I gained an understanding of these three data strucutre types as the data structure can directly affect the runtime efficiency and memory usage on a system. While working on this project, the biggest roadblocks I encountered dealth with my understanding of C++. I have limited practice with C++ prior to this project so gaining an understanding of the various data strucutre types and then learning how to use them in a practical manner in my code was challenging. However, I remained persistant and reviewed documentation to overcome these hurdles and produce a functioning application that met the academic advisors' demands. Working through this project, I gained more experience with developing pseudocode and hands on experience with C++. I gained a stronger understanding of vectors, hash tables and binary search trees while creating pseudocode for each along with some of the in class assignments that involved these data strucutres. Overall, I feel my work on this project helped evolve my coding skills to be more maintainable, readable and adaptable as I kept these three items in mind while writing my code. I wanted my code to be as simple as possible, minimizing repetetiveness and including numerous inline comments to clearly explain what I was creating/doing in each segment of my code. 
